hi I'm Kathy kitchens librarian at a
lopata flat k-8 school in Port Saint
Lucie Florida I just wanted to let you
know that David Mark Lopez is such a
wonderful author illustrator and my
school absolutely loves his books go
ahead and invite him to your school to
Yule of it awesome and I didn't even
have to give her 20 bucks to say yeah
thank you so much and thanks for having
me here
hi I'm Debby Remington president of
reading Council and our committee
nominated fight like a patriot for our
One Book One community read so everyone
throughout the county of st. Lucy is
reading this book grandmas uncles aunts
and they're all reading as a family read
it's a fabulous book buddy had no
trouble deciding I'm expecting this book
because it's such a great read it's
written in real dialogue and when David
Mark Lopez comes to our school students
love listening he's funny he's witty
he's charming nice a charming oh yeah
he's charming and we love his books
because they're so real and they give
you some history so kids love him so
he's great
hey what's your name and where do you
work mrs. Hodge what's your job there
all right now these are Maddie's magic
markers books have you read any of these
books and you read the first one out
loud is that right to whom and how did
they like it and what do you think of
this series I think excellent thank you
very much all right what's your name and
what do you do don't you and you invited
me to come to your school today yes last
year and our second-grade teachers and
students
love you you excited them about reading
and writing
excellent so you would recommend me to
other people and I didn't give you 20
bucks to say that did I all right thank
you